Computer science is the study of processes that interact with data and can be represented as programs.
Sculpture has been central to religious devotion in many cultures.
Fashion design is the art of applying design, aesthetics, and natural beauty to clothing and accessories.
Designers conduct research on fashion trends and interpret them for their audience
Natural science can be divided into physical and life science.
Many people are interested in fashion design.
The river Danube is Europe's second longest river.
Europe's longest river in terms of discharge and drainage basin is the Volga.
Sculpture is three-dimensional artwork created by shaping or combining hard or plastic material, sound, or text and or light.
The river widely regarded as the national river of Russia is the Volga.
river europe national city 
Chemistry is a scientific discipline involved with elements and compounds.
The branches of science are commonly divided into three major groups.
Formal sciences study logic, mathematics and linguistics.
Social sciences study human behavior and societies.
Natural and social sciences are empirical sciences.
Mathematics is a science based on seeking patterns to formulate new conjectures.
Mathematical structures are good models of real phenomena.
Eleven of the twenty largest cities of Russia, including the capital, Moscow, are located in the Volga's drainage basin.
The river Rhine has its sources in Switzerland and flows through Germany and the Netherlands, emptying into the North Sea.
The largest city on the river Rhine is Cologne, in Germany.
Mathematics is essential in many fields, including natural science, medicine and economics.
Computer science has both practical and theoretical disciplines.
Sculpture is the branch of visual arts that operates in three dimensions.
Natural sciences study natural phenomena (cosmological, geological, phisical, chemical and biological factors of the universe).
Sculptures can also be made with 3-d printing technology.
Many sculptures together in a garden setting may be referred to as a sculpture garden.
sculpture art artwork design
The Western tradition of sculpture began in ancient Greece.
The river Rhine is one of the major rivers in Europe. 
